Ooh! Individual frittatas.
What a treat.
You’re a lucky man, Phil.
I’m always saying, I’m–
[ Claire ]
Phil.
Sorry.
You left the milk
out again.
Mmm. I may have to take
one of these little guys
home.
Claire, did you ever find
that Tupperware I lent you?
Sweetie, for the hundredth time,
I gave it back to you.
Remember?
I remember you telling me
a hundred times, yet
my pea soup is in Baggies.
Did you check your car,
in the, um–
Trunk.
Because that’s where
you found that thing...
that you thought
that you gave me
long time ago.
The-The–
Pizza cutter.
- Good. Give me another one.
- Yes, I was wrong that time.
It’s a piece of plastic.
You’re ruining brunch.
Don’t sweat it, Cam.
I forget things all the time.
Like I can never
remember the name...
of that weather guy
that I liked.
Uh, Thunder-something.
Stormy–
Flash Storm? Ah!
Whatever the hell it is.
I don’t know.
Just eat your eggs, Jay.
Yeah. Just eat
your eggs, Jay.
- [ All Exclaiming, Laughing ]
- [ Gloria ] ¡Ay! ¡Qué linda!
[ Cameron ]
Grandpa got told!
Look at them.
They all think
Lily’s so great.
The novelty will wear off.
We used to be
the cute ones.
Now she gets
all the attention.
We need
to take her down.
[ Jay ]
I should remember
his name, too,
because your mom and I
got in a big fight
over him.
She was using the convertible,
and I told her,
"Put the top up because it’s
supposed to rain tonight...
according to"–
P-P-P– Partly McCloudy–
whatever the hell his name is.
Anyway, she didn’t.
Ruined the car.
Well, not to be the one
that always comes
to Mom’s defense–
- [ Speaking Gibberish ]
- What? It was 20 years ago.
What, you think
he’s gonna ground you?
- It was you?
- Yes.
Yes, I left the top down,
and I let Mom take the fall.
- And then they got divorced.
- Twelve years later.
- I’m just saying.
- Oh! You’re ruining brunch.
Relax. It was years ago.
There’s a statute of limitation
on this stuff.
In that case, I should
probably let you know...
I let the top down to let out
the cigarette smoke.
[ Others Exclaiming ]
Not mine. Not mine.
My bad friend– Eleanor.
[ Mitchell ]
"Eleanor" being
her boyfriend, Allan.
Statute of limitations.
[ Jay ]
Relax. It’s okay.
Remember when I told you
that I couldn’t get to your
figure skating semifinal...
- because I was
stuck at work?
- Yeah.
Well, by "stuck,"
I meant drunk.
And by "work,"
I meant the golf course.
[ All Laughing ]
[ Gloria ]
Jay!
- [ Claire ] Oh, Dad.
- [ Mitchell ] Oh, no.
I got one. I got one.
Remember that time we
went golfing together,
and you got
a hole in one?
Yeah?
You never got
a hole in one.
I got bored, and I
kicked it in the hole.
[ Others Laughing ]
[ Phil ]
This is fun.
Here’s a corker.
They didn’t used to label
babies as carefully
in hospitals.
- So for two days–
- [ Jay ]
Not now, Phil!
What do you mean,
you kicked the ball
in the hole?
What, was it on the edge?
Yeah. It was on the edge of
that, uh– that sandy thing.
Gee, it’s sure gonna be fun
to face my friends today.
You don’t have
to tell them.
They call me Ace, Mitch.
I haven’t paid for lemonade
down there in 20 years.
You’re mad at me?
[ Gloria ]
Mmm.
Great, Daddy.
You ruined brunch.
[ All Laughing ]
¡Ay! ¡Qué linda!
[ Cameron ]
You did.
This ends today.
[ Phil ]
Is that what
you’re calling them?
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
A little help here.
You can’t expect me to focus...
when Miranda Cornell lives right
down your street.
She’s like a dream
wrapped in a wish...
poured into jeggings.
Yeah, yeah. That’s nice and all,
but we got a trap to set.
Are you sure
this is going to work?
Trust me. We’ll use
these cookies as bait.
Lily’s crazy for them.
Asian metabolism.
When she grabs one
with her grubby
little hands,
off goes the trap.
Boom– big puddle of milk.
She’ll get in so much trouble.
My mom hates messes.
I’m familiar with Claire.
Lock... and loaded.
Mmm! These cookies
are so good...
and so easy to reach.
Lily!
- [ Milk Splashes ]
- Oh! [ Groans ]
[ Groaning ]
Oh, my God! Cam!
What happened?
Are you okay?
[ Groans ]
That milk fell, and I
must have slipped in it.
Did I leave that out again?
I’m so sorry!
Oh, my back.
Can I give you
a Swedish massage,
accent optional?
Oh. Oh, no.
I just need
to lie down.
Come on. Let’s get you
over to the sofa.
Oh! Do you think it
would be offensive...
if I ask our daughter
to walk on my back?
I’d say so. I just offered
to give you a massage.
Oh, no! You broke Beatrice.
Now she can’t
feed the dolphins.
What is she talking about?
Oh. it’s a My Sweet
Companion doll.
They all have these
elaborate backstories.
Beatrice works with
blind dolphins and models.
[ Gasps ]
There are blind models?
That’s so sad. They cannot see
how pretty they are.
Okay. Hold on. Give me some.
Give me some.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh!
Let me buy Lily
a new doll.
It’s my fault
Cam fell.
No, no need.
The My Sweet Companion store
actually has a hospital
with an on-call doctor.
I can go.
I’m taking the girls
to the mall anyway.
Oh, that’d be great.
Yeah. And don’t worry.
She has medical insurance.
And I think we’ve met
our deductible
for the year.
So you should be good.
[ Cameron ]
Yeah.
Do you know what a doll
is in my village?
An apple on a fork.
I never really got dolls.
Does that make me weird?
[ Haley ]
It’s on the list.
You’re not weird.
You just kind of skipped
the "little girl" stage.
And jumped to the
"I dare you to ring
her doorbell" stage.
The only stage you’re
ever going to jump on
has a pole on it.
Hey, at least I have
the body–
Oh, please!
Okay, okay! We’re gonna
have to settle this dispute
in court– the food court.
The Honorable
Judge Cinnabon
presiding.
The food court? That place
smells like the inside
of Luke’s bicycle helmet.
I like
the food court.
Me too.
Don’t worry, girls.
We’re not gonna
deprive ourselves...
just ’cause
Haley’s aversion–
[ Laughing ]
Oh. Oh. Haley’s aversion.
I thought you said–
Never mind.
Okay. So after you have
turned on the monitor
and selected your input,
you can change the channel
with this guy.
But if you need
to change the volume–
You know what?
I think I’m fine.
Why don’t you
just go ahead?
I know this sounds
really confusing,
but there’s actually
a very simple way
to remember it.
♪ Input one is the cable box ♪
♪ Cable box, cable box– ♪♪
I think I’m just
gonna take a nap.
Okay. I’m goin’ to yoga.
¡Ay! That sounds
like so much fun.
-You should go with her, Gloria.
-We should definitely
do that sometime.
I would love it.
Bye.
[ Groans ]
Do you see how she gives me
the cold shoulders?
I don’t even know
why I try.
[ Gasps ]
Oh, well, that’s just Claire.
You know? She’s a Pritchett.
[ Sighs ]
You gotta break
through those walls.
- The sooner, the better.
- You really think so?
Yeah. Why don’t you go? Now.
Forge that friendship.
Okay, I go. I have
my gym bag in the car.
Feel better!
Okay. Thank you.
I’m just gonna lie here,
some ice on my back.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Door Closes ]
[ Bowls Clattering ]
[ Cameron ]
I knew for a fact Claire
never returned my Tupperware.
I just needed a few minutes
alone to find it.
And when I did, I’d never
have to hear them
snicker again.
"Oh, silly Cam."
Or "forgetful Cam."
Because revenge is a dish
best served cold.
And even better two days later
out of a 24-ounce,
microwave-friendly,
burp-sealed Pak-N-Stor.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
Oh, hey. I thought
you were going
to the pharmacy.
I forgot my phone.
Oh.
Oh! I think I’m just upset
about this stupid thing
with my dad.
Sweetie, I’d love
to hear about it...
when you come back
with my heating pad
from the pharmacy.
Because I hurt my back,
remember?
I mean,
did he overreact or what?
It’s just a game, right?
Well, unless there’s
something more to it.
Maybe you should
go talk to him.
Yeah.
Huh?
I should’ve just
kept my mouth shut.
I mean, it was
such a great day.
After he thought
he got that hole in one,
he took us out to dinner.
He bought me my first beer.
Well, there you go.
He’s probably hurt because
you marred a very special
father-son experience.
- You think?
- You marred it.
But you can fix it.
He’s down at the club
right now.
Go, Mitchell!
Un-mar that memory!
You know what?
I’m gonna do it.
Ow.
Sorry.
Don’t worry.
I’ll be back soon.
Okay. I’ll miss you.
Call first.
[ Door Opens ]
♪♪ [ Muzak ]
[ Children Chattering ]
What were you thinking,
saying that
in front of him?
I’m sorry.
It slipped out.
Besides, I figured he knew.
Mom knows.
Only because she
dragged it out of Dylan.
And she promised
not to tell dad until
I left for college,
which means he might
have never found out.
Stop panicking.
We don’t even know for sure
he heard what I said.
[ Phil ]
Okay. Beatrice
is with the nurse.
They’ll call us.
Shouldn’t be too long.
We can just wait
until she’s married–
Until she’s... ready.
Which, apparently,
everyone is these days.
Funny, I used to think it’d be
years until everyone was ready,
but I guess I was wrong–
wrong and naive.
Surprise!
Oh! Gloria!
My God.
[ Gasps ]
I came to do yoga
with you.
Yeah, I wasn’t expecting
to see you here.
Ay, that’s why
I say "Surprise!"
Yeah. This is awful,
because I was just thinking
I might have to bail on yoga.
I have the worst headache
all of a sudden.
But yoga is good
for that, Claire.
For the meditation,
for the– [ Chants ]
Yeah, yeah.
It’s just right now,
I wanna go lie down
in a dark room and breathe.
That sounds like yoga.
I– I realize that. Yes.
But still,
I-I should go.
Come on.
I’m not gonna
do the class by myself.
Okay, so let’s go
and get massages.
Or there’s
a nail salon there.
I would love to do that
some other time.
I really would.
But right now,
I need to get home
and lie down.
- You understand, right?
- Of course.
Okay.
You go!
And lie.
[ Manny ]
You’re better!
Oh! Barely. Barely, yeah.
- I was just getting
something cold for my back.
- Gravy?
Well, if it can
save your mom’s turkey,
it can save anything.
I thought you were going
to see your friend Miranda.
This one chickened out.
For someone who says
he likes girls so much,
he sure is afraid of them.
It’s a dance, Luke.
Chicken dance.
Well, since you’re back,
what if I give you 20 bucks...
and you guys...
go wash my car?
Is that 20 bucks
for each of us
or both of us?
Both.
That’s what I thought.
[ Chattering, Laughing ]
Uh-oh, check it out.
Ace is drooling over
his plaque again.
Oh, I’m sorry.
I didn’t smell
you idiots come in.
Listen, I’ve been thinking,
maybe it’s time we retire
the name "Ace."
You mean the name you had
printed on your golf cap?
- And his robe.
- You know, guys, about that–
Remember how mad he got
when I yanked that cap
off his head and put it on?
"You got to earn that!"
I’m just glad one of
those cheap hair plugs
didn’t get caught in it.
For the millionth time,
they’re not plugs.
So what, your hair just
came back when you turned 50?
Unlike your wife.
Hey, that was a blessing.
Otherwise, I wouldn’t be
taking out Natalie Hobbs
tonight.
Taking her out
or doing her taxes?
I’m trying to find a way to come
clean about the hole in one,
when it occurs to me–
Why?
One idiot lies
about his sex life.
The other dumbbell has
a Ferrari "in the shop"
for years.
And moron number three
is a Hollywood
stunt car driver...
who gets sick when
he rides backwards
in the golf cart.
So, you ladies ready
to tee off or what?
Just gotta
settle up our tab.
- I took care of it.
- You said you were going
to the restroom.
Ah! Can’t trust a word
out of this guy’s mouth.
Twenty years we’ve been
falling for this.
I-I’m sorry to interrupt,
but my dad never lied
to you guys.
Mitchell.
No, he didn’t even
know until today...
that he never made
the hole in one.
Okay.
But the fact that he
couldn’t live with himself
when he found out...
and he raced down here
to confess to you,
that just shows
the kind of man he is.
He is a "hole in one"
kind of man.
You never
got a hole in one?
I didn’t tell them.
So this is the gang.
Introduce me.
Ah! Score!
It’s not like me and Miranda
are perfectly suited.
For one thing,
she likes bad boys.
That’s just not me.
I’m gonna
turn on some music.
[ Clicks ]
♪♪ [ Hip-hop On Speakers ]
I’m sorry. I can’t unlearn
how to treat a lady.
But where does that leave me–
waiting till I’m 40,
when she looks me up on Facebook
after her failed first marriage?
Okay.
[ Engine Starts ]
What are you doing?
I’m sick of hearing you
whine about Miranda!
It’s time to make her
notice you!
But we can’t!
We got a full tank of gas,
and she’s right down
the block.
Now buckle up.
Are you crazy?
You tell me.
[ Luke ]
Whoo! Whoo!
[ Laughing ]
Lily, what is this?
Wouldn’t you rather
have a chemistry set
or some flash cards?
She’s pretty.
No. No, she’s dirty.
Look. Look at the dirt.
Let me wipe her off.
Fix that.
Her braid’s
coming loose.
Come here.
Fix that right up.
So I’ve completed
the examination.
She did really well.
What’s the prognosis?
We can fix
most of her arm,
but she’ll never
regain full mobility
in her shoulder joint,
because they don’t make
that part anymore.
Well, that’s pretty good,
right?
I mean, she’ll look
exactly the same.
No one will know.
I’ll know.
[ Clicks Tongue ]
Uh–
I’m just saying
I liked her
the way she was.
She was such
a sweet little doll.
I’m sorry, Doc.
I’m having trouble
adjusting to all this.
Uh, Dad, she’s still
a sweet little doll.
No, she’s broken.
No, she’s just
changed a little.
It happens. Dolls grow up.
Well, actually–
Uh, could you–
Yeah. Sure.
I actually have to go
give a little girl
some pretty bad news.
So, Haley.
The thing is–
Fact– Haley’s almost 18.
Fact– I am the cool dad.
Haley, I understand that sex
is a part of life.
I can’t say that
I’m thrilled to hear this,
but I’m sure you’re being safe,
and I hope that you’ll
feel free to talk to me
about this anytime.
We should– We should
probably get Beatrice,
like, a cast or something.
We can all sign it.
Yeah?
Uh, yeah. Sure.
Fact– I blew it.
This repair’s probably
gonna take a little while.
Why don’t you
run up to the food court
and grab us a table?
I’ll get Alex and Lily.
Okay.
Do you want the counter
or a booth?
Whatever seems right to you.
I trust you.
I have a cool dad.
[ Shifts Into Park ]
Okay. Your turn.
Uh-uh! No way!
Do you want to get
her attention
or not?
[ Sighs ]
♪♪ [ Car Stereo: Hip-hop ]
[ Man ]
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Ah! Ah! ♪
♪ Uh! ♪
♪ Yeah
Uh! Uh! Uh! ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Uh, let’s– let’s ride
Gotta hit the street ♪
That was amazing!
Did you see the look
on Miranda’s face?
No. But you did good,
Thelma.
Please stop calling me that.
I hate that movie.
What movie?
Uh-oh! Dead end.
You gotta make a U-ey.
I don’t know
how to do that.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪ Ride, gotta hit the street
We pack the heat ♪♪
She pretended
to have a headache, Cam.
She doesn’t want
to spend time with me.
Maybe she just wanted
to be alone.
Why?
Because some people really
value their privacy,
and you have
to respect that.
[ Gasps ]
I have to go.
[ Phone Beeps ]
¡Hola, Claire!
Gloria, you’ve gotta
stop doing that!
Were you going back
to the yoga class
without me?
No, that is not
why I came back.
I don’t understand you.
Why you don’t want
to spend time with me?
Everybody wants
to spend time with me.
Even the lady that did my nails
wants to take me to Pilates.
I didn’t come back here
to do yoga.
I don’t do yoga.
It’s a cover, okay?
Look. I know that,
from the outside,
it seems like I have
everything together.
No, not really.
My point is that my life
can be very stressful.
And I have found a way
to cope with that stress.
And it’s my little secret,
and I’m not proud of it.
Hey, Claire.
See you inside.
Hey.
Is that what you do?
No. No!
Okay. You’re coming
with me. Come in.
But listen to me,
Gloria.
It has to stay between us.
This is my sacred space.
It’s just
such a great release.
- Thank you
for not judging me.
- Why would I?
If anything, it makes me
like you more.
Mmm.
So, how often
do you come here?
- Not that often. No.
- [ Tapping On Window ]
Hey. Maybe a little often.
That’s so sad.
I live with four teenagers.
You live with two adults.
You have no idea–
No, no, no.
It’s so sad that you
come here so often...
and that’s the best
that you can shoot.
Oh!
[ Laughs ]
And that’s
with pretty nails.
But improper stance.
I– Okay.
Practice more.
Here you go, Ace.
I mean– What is
your real name?
Jay.
Dad, I–
I told you,
forget about it.
All right. Look.
I just want you to know
I get why you’re upset,
okay?
That day you got
the hole in one,
it meant a lot to you.
And... I– I marred it.
But it meant a lot
to me too.
We had a steak dinner,
you gave me my first beer,
and, uh,
it was one of the greatest days
we ever spent together.
And it wasn’t about some
meaningless hole in one.
It was about us.
No. It was about
a hole in one.
Yes. Yes.
A-A little bit, maybe.
But mostly, it was
about how we bonded.
I thought I hit a ball
straight from a tee...
really, really far
into a tiny hole.
Okay.
God, when will I learn?
And it wasn’t
your first beer anyway.
Yes, it was, Dad,
but I wouldn’t expect
you to remember.
It was your 14th birthday.
You asked me
for a sip of mine.
Your mom yelled at you
in front of all
your friends,
said you were
just a baby.
You ran outside
in tears,
which, unfortunately,
supported your mom’s
argument.
Anyway, I came out
with a couple of beers.
We drank ’em on the porch,
watching the storm clouds
coming in.
I had completely forgotten
about that.
You know, you’re–
you’re unbelievable.
Just when I peg you as–
Storm Stevens!
That’s it!
Give me something.
I’m gonna write it
right here.
Before I forget.
"Storm Stevens."
Stevens.
What were we just
talking about,
just now?
Oh.
No?
Mm-mmm.
Come on, Lily. Let’s see
if Beatrice is ready.
Hey, Dad.
I know I’m way
too old for this,
but do you think
I could get this doll?
Her name’s Genevieve,
and she’s developing
a vaccine for–
Yes, you can get the doll.
You can get as many dolls
as you want.
It’s $200.
Or one is fine.
I know you’re here.
Hello.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Manny ]
I have a bad feeling
about this.
What if one
of your neighbors
saw us?
Maybe we should
just confess.
We will... in 20 years.
Huh?
You heard Grandpa.
There’s a statute
of limitations,
which is a good thing,
because we still need
to take Lily down.
Nah, let her be
the cute one.
We don’t
need that anymore.
We’re bad boys now.
Yeah. I like that.
Bad boys.
[ Vehicle Door Closes ]
Your mom!
- [ Both Scream ]
- [ Horn Honks ]
[ Objects Crash, Clatter ]
[ Door Closes ]
Oh, my God.
Cam!
Um, this had a lid.
I’ll see you guys later.
I’m going to Abby’s.
Bye, honey. Have fun.
Have fun, you.
With Abby.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
We’ve confirmed Abby’s
a real person and a female?
Yes, sweetie. We met her.
Honey, we can’t treat
Haley differently...
just because we both know
what we know about her.
I know. I just need time.
So Dylan told you?
Why didn’t he tell me?
He and I used to share
everything.
You’re upset
about a lot of things.
Okay, I won’t obsess
over it.
I just wanna ask you
one thing.
Hmm?
How long have you known?
Three months.
So this giant thing
happened to our firstborn,
and you kept me in the dark
about it for three whole months?
I’m sorry. I just wasn’t sure
how you’d– Okay.
Thank you.